FAQ (#207)
firebirdberlin/nightdream: docs/faq/faq_en.md

[Top](#table-of-contents)

## Slideshow

### Which pictures are shown in the slideshow

The app shows all images in JPG format that were taken with the camera or are in this directory.
Videos or images in any other format are not displayed.
It is currently not possible to select individual images for the slideshow.

### Only a black screen is displayed

> Please check if there are pictures in JPG format on the device.
> Also restarting the app may solve the problem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please check if there are pictures in JPG format on the device. The option * Hide the background image in night mode * may be activated. If so, a black background is shown instead of a slideshow during the night.
```
